1. What questions do you have about the data?
First, there is a ‘rewardsReceiptsItemList’ column with multiple fields in the Receipts Data. However, there is not data description that I am confused about the representation of each column. For example, what is the definition of the ‘partnerItemId’ column? It varies for the same receipt id, and does that mean there are multiple same items on that receipt? For the first and second questions in the Second Part, I took it as that there are multiple same items on the receipt.
Second, I have a question with the terms ‘Flagged’, ‘Finished’, and ‘Pending’. What are their meanings? Since there is no 'Accepted' column in 'rewardsReceiptStatus’, I think 'Finished' is kind of 'Accepted.' So, I answer the third and fourth questions on the Second Part based on the ‘Finished’ column.

2. How did you discover the data quality issues?
At the beginning of managing a data frame, my first step is to see the information of the data. The information would show the total rows, the data type of each column, and if there are null in the table. Therefore, I can notice the data quality issue of incomplete information. My second step is to check the data quality issue of duplicated data. Whether there are duplicated rows based on the column which I want to use as the primary key. And whether there are duplicated rows based on the specific columns I would use them as information to answer some required questions. Sometimes, I also may face some problems when I am managing data. For example, when I intended to merge the two columns, 'barcode' and 'userFlaggedBarcode', in the receipt items table, I noticed there is a data quality issue of the inconsistent format in the ‘barcode’ column.

3. What do you need to know to resolve the data quality issues?
For the incomplete information issue, it would be ideal if I could get the whole data from the data source to achieve data integrity. If not, I have to learn the data and replace some values with the null value if needed. For the duplicated data issue, having multiple copies of the same records can skew the results. We can use data deduplication tools to handle it. For the inconsistent format issue, I have to understand the definition of that column to determine which type is the most suitable. For other data quality issues like inaccurate data, such as the outliers, we have to read through the data first and remove them when we are certain that these outliers were the results of some errors.

4. What other information would you need to help you optimize the data assets you're trying to create?
I need the definition of the sub-columns in the ‘rewardsReceiptsStatus’ column to understand the data more and create a more complete table. Moreover, I have to get more information about the null values in each table to optimize my database.

5. What performance and scaling concerns do you anticipate in production and how do you plan to address them?
First, some tables in my database do not have optimal indexes to let queries efficiently retrieve data. I can create optimal indexes to optimize my query execution duration. Second, I wrote some inefficient queries that saving them into a table first and using them in the second query. I can combine these two queries to make the execution faster. Third, there are some improper data types in my database which could cause performance issues. For example, I should not save the numbers as strings even if they are not used in mathematical operations because an integer is smaller than a string. Besides, I can use the ENUM data type to store the Boolean values.
